docs/src/contributing.md, before:

# [Contributing to ModelConstructors.jl](@id contributing)

## Notes for ModelConstructors.jl Contributors
We may add more features to this package as new use cases emerge.

As these steps are under development, we would welcome improvements to
the existing code from the community. Some examples could be:
- Performance improvements
- Features of certain models that our code cannot implement
  - Expanding the regime switching functionality of `Parameter` types.
- Other general improvements
  - Adding documentation/test coverage
  - Adding existing notable models into the docs/examples directory.

### Git Recommendations For Pull Requests
These are adapted from JuliaLang.

 - Avoid working from the `master` branch of your fork, creating a new branch
   will make it easier if ModelConstructor's `master` changes and you need to update your
   pull request.
 - Try to
   [squash](http://gitready.com/advanced/2009/02/10/squashing-commits-with-rebase.html)
   together small commits that make repeated changes to the same section of
   code so your pull request is easier to review, and Julia's history won't
   have any broken intermediate commits. A reasonable number of separate
   well-factored commits is fine, especially for larger changes.
 - If any conflicts arise due to changes in ModelConstructors's `master`, prefer updating
   your pull request branch with `git rebase` versus `git merge` or `git pull`,
   since the latter will introduce merge commits that clutter the git history
   with noise that makes your changes more difficult to review.
 - Descriptive commit messages are good.
 - Using `git add -p` or `git add -i` can be useful to avoid accidentally
   committing unrelated changes.
 - GitHub does not send notifications when you push a new commit to a pull
   request, so please add a comment to the pull request thread to let reviewers
   know when you've made changes.
 - When linking to specific lines of code in discussion of an issue or pull
   request, hit the `y` key while viewing code on GitHub to reload the page
   with a URL that includes the specific version that you're viewing. That way
   any lines of code that you refer to will still make sense in the future,
   even if the content of the file changes.
 - Whitespace can be automatically removed from existing commits with `git rebase`.
   - To remove whitespace for the previous commit, run
     `git rebase --whitespace=fix HEAD~1`.
   - To remove whitespace relative to the `master` branch, run
     `git rebase --whitespace=fix master`.

## ModelConstructors Julia Style Guide

### Intro

This document lists Julia coding recommendations consistent with best practices
in the software development community. The recommendations are based on
guidelines for other languages collected from a number of sources and on
personal experience. These guidelines are written with the New York Fed DSGE
code in mind. All pull requests submitted should follow these general style
guidelines.

### Naming conventions

Emphasize readability! Our goal is for the code to mimic the mathematical
notation used in New York Fed DSGE papers as closely as possible.

- The names of variables should document their meaning or
use. Variables with a large scope should have especially meaningful
names. Variables with a small scope can have short names.

- Exhibit consistency with the existing codebase.

- Modules and type names in UpperCamelCase

- Variable names in snake_case.

Variable names should be in lower case, using underscores to
separate parts of a compound variable name. For example,
`steady_state` and `equilibrium_conditions` are two fields in the
`Model990()` object that follow this convention. Also notice that,
though the words could be shortened, they are spelled out for maximum
clarity.

- The prefix `n_` should be used for variables representing the
number of objects (e.g. `n_parameters` or `n_anticipated_shocks`)
use the suffix `s` as is natural in spoken language.

- Negative Boolean variable names should be avoided. A problem arises
when such a name is used in conjunction with the logical negation
operator as this results in a double negative. It is not immediately
apparent what `!isNotFound` means.  Use `isFound`. Avoid `isNotFound`.

- Named constants can be all uppercase using underscore to separate words:
`MAX_ITERATIONS`

- Naming mathematical objects

Variables with mathematical significance should use
unicode characters and imitate LaTeX syntax.  For example, ρ should be used to
name the autocorrelation coefficient in an AR(1) process, and σ should be used
to name standard deviation. Parameters in the text should keep the same
symbol in the code (e.g. α in the code is the same α as in [this
paper](http://www.newyorkfed.org/research/staff_reports/sr647.html),
and takes on it usual significance as the capital share in a
Cobb-Douglas output function.

- General conventions
  - Underscores can and should be used when the variable refers to a
    mathematical object that has a subscript. (In this case, we are
    imitating LaTeX syntax.) For example, $r_m$ in LaTeX should be
    represented by the variable `r_m`.
  - If the mathematical object has multiple subscripts, for example $x_{i,j}$,
    simply concatenate the subscripts: `x_ij`.
  - If the object has superscripts as well as subscripts, for example
    $y^f_t$, separate the superscripts with an underscore and place them
    first: `y_f_t`.
  - For compatibility with existing code, variables with numeric subscripts
    should exclude the underscore: `G0`, `ψ1`.
  - Matrices that have mathematical significance (e.g. the matrices of the
    transition and measurement equations) should be upper case, as they are
    in mathematical notation, and can repeat the letter to avoid collisions:
    `TTT` or `QQ`.
  - Symbols such as overbars (which indicate mean values) and  tildes (which indicate
    log-deviations from the steady state) are written using a 3- or
    4-letter abbreviation immediately after the variable they modify:
    `kbar_t`, `ztil` (z tilde).
  - Stars indicating steady-state variables are included as
    subscripts: `π_star_t`
- Suffixes
  - Time: Consistent with the previous bullet points, the suffix `_t` as in
    `x_t` signifies the value of `x` at time `t`. The suffix `_t1`
    signifies the value of `x` at time `t-1`.
  - Shocks: The suffix `_sh` refers to a model shock.
- Prefixes
  - The prefix `eq_` refers to an equilibrium condition.
  - The prefix `obs_` refers to an observable.
  - The prefix `E` refers to the expectation operator.
  - The prefix `I` refers to the indicator operator.
  - Observables with the prefix `g` refer to growth rates.

### Code Formatting Guidelines

- Indent 4 spaces
- Wrap lines at 92 characters
- Use whitespace to enhance readability
- No trailing whitespace

Commit message:

Change branch from master to main.

docs/src/contributing.md, after:

# [Contributing to ModelConstructors.jl](@id contributing)

## Notes for ModelConstructors.jl Contributors
We may add more features to this package as new use cases emerge.

As these steps are under development, we would welcome improvements to
the existing code from the community. Some examples could be:
- Performance improvements
- Features of certain models that our code cannot implement
  - Expanding the regime switching functionality of `Parameter` types.
- Other general improvements
  - Adding documentation/test coverage
  - Adding existing notable models into the docs/examples directory.

### Git Recommendations For Pull Requests
These are adapted from JuliaLang.

 - Avoid working from the `main` branch of your fork, creating a new branch
   will make it easier if ModelConstructor's `main` changes and you need to update your
   pull request.
 - Try to
   [squash](http://gitready.com/advanced/2009/02/10/squashing-commits-with-rebase.html)
   together small commits that make repeated changes to the same section of
   code so your pull request is easier to review, and Julia's history won't
   have any broken intermediate commits. A reasonable number of separate
   well-factored commits is fine, especially for larger changes.
 - If any conflicts arise due to changes in ModelConstructors's `main`, prefer updating
   your pull request branch with `git rebase` versus `git merge` or `git pull`,
   since the latter will introduce merge commits that clutter the git history
   with noise that makes your changes more difficult to review.
 - Descriptive commit messages are good.
 - Using `git add -p` or `git add -i` can be useful to avoid accidentally
   committing unrelated changes.
 - GitHub does not send notifications when you push a new commit to a pull
   request, so please add a comment to the pull request thread to let reviewers
   know when you've made changes.
 - When linking to specific lines of code in discussion of an issue or pull
   request, hit the `y` key while viewing code on GitHub to reload the page
   with a URL that includes the specific version that you're viewing. That way
   any lines of code that you refer to will still make sense in the future,
   even if the content of the file changes.
 - Whitespace can be automatically removed from existing commits with `git rebase`.
   - To remove whitespace for the previous commit, run
     `git rebase --whitespace=fix HEAD~1`.
   - To remove whitespace relative to the `main` branch, run
     `git rebase --whitespace=fix main`.

## ModelConstructors Julia Style Guide

### Intro

This document lists Julia coding recommendations consistent with best practices
in the software development community. The recommendations are based on
guidelines for other languages collected from a number of sources and on
personal experience. These guidelines are written with the New York Fed DSGE
code in mind. All pull requests submitted should follow these general style
guidelines.

### Naming conventions

Emphasize readability! Our goal is for the code to mimic the mathematical
notation used in New York Fed DSGE papers as closely as possible.

- The names of variables should document their meaning or
use. Variables with a large scope should have especially meaningful
names. Variables with a small scope can have short names.

- Exhibit consistency with the existing codebase.

- Modules and type names in UpperCamelCase

- Variable names in snake_case.

Variable names should be in lower case, using underscores to
separate parts of a compound variable name. For example,
`steady_state` and `equilibrium_conditions` are two fields in the
`Model990()` object that follow this convention. Also notice that,
though the words could be shortened, they are spelled out for maximum
clarity.

- The prefix `n_` should be used for variables representing the
number of objects (e.g. `n_parameters` or `n_anticipated_shocks`)
use the suffix `s` as is natural in spoken language.

- Negative Boolean variable names should be avoided. A problem arises
when such a name is used in conjunction with the logical negation
operator as this results in a double negative. It is not immediately
apparent what `!isNotFound` means.  Use `isFound`. Avoid `isNotFound`.

- Named constants can be all uppercase using underscore to separate words:
`MAX_ITERATIONS`

- Naming mathematical objects

Variables with mathematical significance should use
unicode characters and imitate LaTeX syntax.  For example, ρ should be used to
name the autocorrelation coefficient in an AR(1) process, and σ should be used
to name standard deviation. Parameters in the text should keep the same
symbol in the code (e.g. α in the code is the same α as in [this
paper](http://www.newyorkfed.org/research/staff_reports/sr647.html),
and takes on it usual significance as the capital share in a
Cobb-Douglas output function.

- General conventions
  - Underscores can and should be used when the variable refers to a
    mathematical object that has a subscript. (In this case, we are
    imitating LaTeX syntax.) For example, $r_m$ in LaTeX should be
    represented by the variable `r_m`.
  - If the mathematical object has multiple subscripts, for example $x_{i,j}$,
    simply concatenate the subscripts: `x_ij`.
  - If the object has superscripts as well as subscripts, for example
    $y^f_t$, separate the superscripts with an underscore and place them
    first: `y_f_t`.
  - For compatibility with existing code, variables with numeric subscripts
    should exclude the underscore: `G0`, `ψ1`.
  - Matrices that have mathematical significance (e.g. the matrices of the
    transition and measurement equations) should be upper case, as they are
    in mathematical notation, and can repeat the letter to avoid collisions:
    `TTT` or `QQ`.
  - Symbols such as overbars (which indicate mean values) and  tildes (which indicate
    log-deviations from the steady state) are written using a 3- or
    4-letter abbreviation immediately after the variable they modify:
    `kbar_t`, `ztil` (z tilde).
  - Stars indicating steady-state variables are included as
    subscripts: `π_star_t`
- Suffixes
  - Time: Consistent with the previous bullet points, the suffix `_t` as in
    `x_t` signifies the value of `x` at time `t`. The suffix `_t1`
    signifies the value of `x` at time `t-1`.
  - Shocks: The suffix `_sh` refers to a model shock.
- Prefixes
  - The prefix `eq_` refers to an equilibrium condition.
  - The prefix `obs_` refers to an observable.
  - The prefix `E` refers to the expectation operator.
  - The prefix `I` refers to the indicator operator.
  - Observables with the prefix `g` refer to growth rates.

### Code Formatting Guidelines

- Indent 4 spaces
- Wrap lines at 92 characters
- Use whitespace to enhance readability
- No trailing whitespace
